add a note about avoiding the use of unreliable __proto__ (#23219)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/object/proto/index.md

The `__proto__` setter allows the `[[Prototype]]` of an object to be mutated. The value provided must be an object or {{JSxRef("Operators/null", "null")}}. Providing any other value will do nothing.

> The `__proto__` property is a simple accessor property on `Object.prototype` consisting of a getter and setter function. A property access for `__proto__` that eventually consults `Object.prototype` will find this property, but an access that does not consult `Object.prototype` will not. If some other `__proto__` property is found before `Object.prototype` is consulted, that property will hide the one found on `Object.prototype`.
> 
> > **Note:** Unlike {{JSxRef("Object.getPrototypeOf()")}} and {{JSxRef("Object.setPrototypeOf()")}} ( which are always available in `Object` as static properties, and always reflect the `[[prototype]]` internal property ), the `__proto__` property doesn't exist as a property in some cases, and as a result doesn't reflect `[[prototype]]` property.
> Once the `Object` is removed from the object's prototype chain by doing something like `Object.setPrototypeOf(obj,null)`, this means every inherited property from `Object` will not be available including `__proto__` accessor property, so if you tried to access it, `undefined` will be constantly returned whatever its actual `[[prototype]]` value is, and if you tried to redefine or set (which implicitly includes redefining) this property again, it will be no longer a getter or a setter for `[[prototype]]`, and as a result setting it won't set the `[[prototype]]`, and calling it won't return the `[[prototype]]` value.
> This means that {{JSxRef("Object.getPrototypeOf()")}} and {{JSxRef("Object.setPrototypeOf()")}} are more reliable ways to set and get the `[[prototype]]` of an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike {{jsxref("Object.getPrototypeOf()")}} and {{jsxref("Object.setPrototypeOf()")}}, which are always available on `Object` as static properties and always reflect the `[[Prototype]]` internal property, the `__proto__` property doesn't always exist as a property on all objects, and as a result doesn't reflect `[[Prototype]]` reliably.

The `__proto__` property is a simple accessor property on `Object.prototype` consisting of a getter and setter function. A property access for `__proto__` that eventually consults `Object.prototype` will find this property, but an access that does not consult `Object.prototype` will not. If some other `__proto__` property is found before `Object.prototype` is consulted, that property will hide the one found on `Object.prototype`.

[`null`-prototype objects](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object#null-prototype_objects) don't inherit any property from `Object.prototype`, including the `__proto__` accessor property, so if you tried to access `__proto__` on such an object, the value is always `undefined` regardless of the object's actual `[[Prototype]]`. Furthermore, `__proto__` can be redefined as an own property on any object instance through {{jsxref("Object.defineProperty()")}} without triggering the setter. In this case, it will no longer be an accessor for `[[Prototype]]`. Always prefer {{JSxRef("Object.getPrototypeOf()")}} and {{JSxRef("Object.setPrototypeOf()")}} for setting and getting the `[[Prototype]]` of an object.
```

Author: Thank you, you always make it better and simple ❤️, I have a tiny suggestion  

"Furthermore, `__proto__` can be redefined as an own property on any object instance ( including [`null`-prototype objects](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object#null-prototype_objects) ) through {{jsxref("Object.defineProperty()")}} without triggering the setter, and in case of [`null`-prototype objects](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object#null-prototype_objects) specifically even setting it will create a new own property with the name "__proto__" and set its value"

This is just to mention the case that many people can be fooled with
```js
let obj = {}
Object.setPrototypeOf(obj, null)
obj.__proto__  //undefined
obj.__proto__ = {} 
obj.__proto__ //{}  
/** people can be fooled and think that the accessor property still works just fine and they are using its setter with this line = thought this really reflects on their obj prototype, however they are creating a new own property and setting its value
*/
Object.getPrototypeOf(obj) // null 
```

So what do you think? this addition will add value by clarifying this case and making more attention to it, or just keep it as it is, as the current one covers this case implicitly?

Reviewer: Sure, your change sounds good to me :)

```suggestion
Unlike {{jsxref("Object.getPrototypeOf()")}} and {{jsxref("Object.setPrototypeOf()")}}, which are always available on `Object` as static properties and always reflect the `[[Prototype]]` internal property, the `__proto__` property doesn't always exist as a property on all objects, and as a result doesn't reflect `[[Prototype]]` reliably.

The `__proto__` property is a simple accessor property on `Object.prototype` consisting of a getter and setter function. A property access for `__proto__` that eventually consults `Object.prototype` will find this property, but an access that does not consult `Object.prototype` will not. If some other `__proto__` property is found before `Object.prototype` is consulted, that property will hide the one found on `Object.prototype`.

[`null`-prototype objects](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object#null-prototype_objects) don't inherit any property from `Object.prototype`, including the `__proto__` accessor property, so if you try to read `__proto__` on such an object, the value is always `undefined` regardless of the object's actual `[[Prototype]]`, and any assignment to `__proto__` would create a new property called `__proto__` instead of setting the object's prototype. Furthermore, `__proto__` can be redefined as an own property on any object instance through {{jsxref("Object.defineProperty()")}} without triggering the setter. In this case, `__proto__` will no longer be an accessor for `[[Prototype]]`. Therefore, always prefer {{jsxref("Object.getPrototypeOf()")}} and {{jsxref("Object.setPrototypeOf()")}} for setting and getting the `[[Prototype]]` of an object.
```
